Things learnt:

    1.scaffolding:
    2.npm is not node package manager. It manages package but is not a package manager.
      any package you need to use, you can use npm. All the packages are hosted there.
      what kind of packages. All the libraries that you use, all the utilities you need comes from npm.
    4.npm is a standard repository for all the packages. npm is the greatest package manager
    5. when you create a craeate react app, it already have npm. you don't have to do anything. 
      it's   already configured.
    6.how to add npm into our project.(npm init)
    7.npm init creates package.json.
    8.package.json is configuration for npm into your project. It contain details like dependencies on other projects, version etc.
      with this we can get packages/dependencies into our project.
    9. bundler is the foremost important dependency. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UWlufSzO4k
    10. How to configure and ignite our app using parcel bundler
    11. There exist different bundlers out there. They all do the same task. But they differ in the algorithm they use.
    12. There are two types of dependencies/packages an app can have(we can install in an app)
          a. Dev dependencies: These dependecies are generally required in development phase(when we are developing the app)
          b. Normal dependencies: These dependencies are used in production also.
    13. npm install -D parcel : This command tells npm that we want parcel as dev dependency, not a normal dependency
    14. Difference between caret(^) and tilde(~) in package.json: 
        when there is a minor upgrade, in case of caret, parcel will automatically upgrade to that version whereas in case of tilde, 
        it will automatically upgrade in case of upgrade to major version. It is always safe to use caret
        because it's ok to upgrade to minor version whereas upgrade to major version may lead to breakup of your app
        https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-tilde-and-caret-in-package-json/
    15. what is package-lock.json? when it is created? 
        It is created along with package.json, and it seems to be modified along with package.json
        e.g.  npm init => created package.json and package-lock.json
              npm install -D parcel => modified package.json and package-lock.json





    https://medium.com/@nikhildhariwal2004/parcel-is-a-beast-an-all-in-one-bundle-for-powerful-web-development-e79f8a70cbd6